And the last thing that we need to do
is create our answers dot edit view.
So let's open _create.blade.php
here we have only one input
and I think we won't need to add other input in the future.
So here we don't need to split the form into separate file
as we did before and we simply save this
file as new file and call it edit.blade.php
again
don't confuse with this file naming this as my current style preference and it will not affect to our
laravel  application to work
All right
here let's replace the existing heading to Heading 1
and the text is going to be editing
answer for question
question title.
And here the form action will be questions dot answers dot
update. And pass in array contains question id and answer id
and don't forget here we need to define method field
to tell laravel what method we will be used
to perform this action.
Here you can utilize blade directive method and the method will be `put` on a `patch`. Here
since we only have one attributes we updated
I think `patch` is better.
So if you have multiple attributes to be updated it is better to use
`put`
But if you have only one
The `patch` is perfect choice.
Let's show the old answer by calling old body and then
pass in the answer body in the second argument.
Here we also need to change the bottom's text to update.
All right
save all changes.
Ups this is not what I expected.
So let me see.
And yeah we need to extend from our layout. So let me open questions edit.blade.php and here
let's copy these lines
and paste here.
Select from here all the way down. Cut
close the container and end section
and then paste inside here
save
reload again.
Alright here our answer edit form and here the existing answer fill the text area. Let's change
something here
and hit update button
here we have success message
"Your answer has been updated".
And here it has been changed.
Okay great.
So no we almost implement a full set of crud functionality
for answer. One that we haven't implemented
yet is the delete answer and we'll do that in the next lesson.
All right
let's save all changes into our git repo
and I'll see you in the next lesson.